Review section about AutoComplete control. (#591)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/autocomplete/events.md

---
title: Events
page_title: .NET MAUI AutoComplete Documentation - Events

> description: Review the different events that are triggered on text changed, when return key is pressed, items are filtered and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore the different events that are triggered when the text is changed, the return key is pressed, items are filtered, and more.
```
